this is Jim card oh yeah
Jim member I try to go four times a week
but I've missed the last 1,200 times so
why don't you quit you don't think I've
tried you think I like having $50.00
taken out of my bank account every month
no they make you go all the way down
there then they use all these phrases
and peppiness to try to confuse you and
then they bring out Maria who is Maria
Oh Maria you can't say no to her she's
like this lycra spandex covered gym
treat so you need me to go down there
with you and hold your hand no all right
so you're strong enough to face her
alone
Oh No you'll have to come hey now
remember what we talked about you got to
be strong yes yes one more time hey
don't you want a washboard stomach and
rock-hard pecs no I want a flabby gut
and saggy man-breasts good that's good
I want to quit the gym you want to quit
I want to quit the gym you do realize
you won't have access to our new
full-service Swedish spa I want to quit
the gym okay Dave in the membership
office handles quitters excuse me are
you remember me no sorry
members only I want to quit the gym be
strong so are you a member of any gym no
and I'm not going to be so you can save
your little speech okay no problem could
you come here for a second
hi I'm Maria no I almost did couldn't
leave Ross there without a spotter so
you joined the gym and that's funny why
oh I was just you know picturing you
working out and well that's it we're
doomed okay they're gonna take 50 bucks
a month out of our accounts for the rest
of our lives what are we gonna do well
you could actually go to the gym
or or we could go to the bank close our
accounts and cut them off at the source
you're a genius
but then we won't be back buddies now
there's two reasons
hello I we'd like to close our accounts
close your accounts is there some kind
of problem no no no we just like to
close them okay miss Lambert handles all
our closures would you come over here
please
hi I'm Karen I want to quit the bank so
you didn't leave the bank no and somehow
we ended up with a joint checking
account
what are you ever gonna use that for to
pay for the gym